I'm going to introduce our application
that we're gonna use today.
How many of you use Twitter?
I use Twitter a lot, probably too much,
the worst part about
Twitter is probably this.
It's when you see some some
engagement happening on your feed and
they're obviously wrong.
They're just so wrong that you
need to take time out of your day,
time out of your sleep,
time away from work to instruct them
on how wrong they are about the world.
I think this is a big mess for Twitter and
so I have this application that I think
I'm willing to totally disrupt the Twitter
market and it's called getRANTr.
You wanna see getRANTr?
I think everybody signed their non
disclosure agreements as everybody was
coming in, so we should be good to go.
So getRANTr, Is a lot like Twitter,
it's got your profile,
you can upload a picture.
Here's a picture of me back when
the hair was still on top of my head and
on the bottom of my head and
I've been ranting since May of 2015.
So I have that information,
I can say new things,
I can rant about anything I want to say,
Frontend Masters is in the house.
I don't know what that means,
I have a timeline of all the different
things that I've ranted about.
This is one of my favorites the years
2017, Donald Trump is President
the primary resistance leaders
are Teague Teen Vogue and
Merriam Webster online dictionary,
it's one of my favorite tweets.
And I even have an awesome monetization
model in place where I have
all of this awesome JavaScript tracking
code following me around the Internet and
it knows exactly the kind
of ads that I want.
Things David Hasselhoff and bacon, and
Crocodile Dundee and bears as right on.
But getRANTr leaves out
that most irritating
part about Twitter, other people.
Because we getRANTr it's all about you,
only you can write on your timeline.
Only you can see your timeline and
no two getRANTr users can ever
interact with each other.
It's brilliant,
it totally destroys all of the problems
of online social media with Twitter.
So clearly,
clearly this is gonna be awesome.
After the day, there's anybody who know
moonlights as a venture capitalist.
I'll have some term sheets ready,
we can get this thing started.
But getRANTr written
with a lot of JavaScript,
so it's got some bugs, so
we're gonna fix those bugs here together.
Now, getRANTr uses Track:js which
is this other tool that I work on.
And as part of that,
I've helped fix over 37 billion bugs.
And we're on a whole bunch of awesome
sites including Frontend Masters.
Lonely Planet, Atlassian, Xamarin,
AdRoll, 3M, Thomson Reuters, dozens and
dozens and dozens of others.
And so we're gonna use a little
bit of this to help us understand
where our bugs coming from.
And so now is the time, if you haven't
already to get everything set up.
GetRANTr is available as
a semi open source model.
You can pull it down off of GitHub
slash Todd H gardener slash getRANTR.
So online real dependency is node, so
you should be able to pull it down
npm install and get it started.
There should be instructions out there.
Why don't we take just a quick 10 minute
break, make sure everybody has it going,
and then we'll move on
with our first exercise.